Update README.md (#74)
microsoft/sudo: README.md

## Contributing

> Checkout [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/microsoft/sudo/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on how to contribute to this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/microsoft/sudo/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on how to contribute to this project.
```
